Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
You need a haircut.
Yes. sir.
The minister still wants to
meet you tonight. despite everything.
It will be my honour.
You should be honoured.
After yesterday.
You lose to…
Latvia.
And yet. he drinks.
How could you let that happen?
How are you not ashamed?
I'm ashamed. Father.
Not nearly enough.
They teach you no discipline
in the American league.
Your play is sloppy.
The real shame is squandering the promise
you showed when you were young.
I am a better player now
than I have ever been.
Our goalie is hurt.
The team didn't click.
Click?
What is this American nonsense?
What is clicking?
You are the captain.
You make them click!
Always looking for someone else to blame.
Since you were a boy.
Who tied this for you?
Your mother?
She doesn't know how to do this properly.
No. Father.
Mom is dead.
You remember?
I meant your stepmother.
And where is Polina?
In Moscow?
We should go.
To the gala.
So that I can meet the minister.
Let's go.
It always comes down to goaltending
and Vadilevich. well…
He was not sharp. but…
And Kitchov stays home
to rest for American prizes.
Too good for his country now.
But there was no leadership.
That is always the problem. Leadership.
Too much confidence?
Or too much pressure maybe?
Too much talking. Mr. Minister. probably.
But you love talking
about hockey. my angel.
Only when we're winning. Daddy.
I'm taking Ilya with me to the bar.
He clearly needs another drink.
Always leading him around.
Since they were children.
Thank you.
I'm an angel. It would be great
if you could remember that.
I don't think you played that badly.
I'd say thank you. but I know
you didn't watch a single fucking game.
For someone whose father has been
a hockey coach your whole life.
you sure have managed to avoid it.
I pay attention sometimes.
When there's something
worth paying attention to.
Anyway. ultimately.
it doesn't matter for you.
It doesn't?
How do you figure that? My father…
Your father is an asshole
who would have punished you either way.
You need to stop
giving a fuck what he thinks.
And fuck these stupid games when
you have a real shot at the Cup this year.
I do?
Yes. you do.
Hunter and the Admirals
won't get past New Jersey.
But New Jersey won't get
past Hollander and Montreal.
I think this year.
you can take Montreal.
- This year?
- Yes.
This year.
because I think Miitka is hurt.
How do you know all this?
She's psychic.
And with a hurt goalie.
you can only go so far.
As you and your team
proved rather well here.
Touché.
And that's the East.
Then you can take anyone in the West.
Chicago ain't what they used to be.
It'll probably end up being San Francisco.
They're good but they're too young.
That's how you end up winning the Cup
one year earlier
than I bet my father you would.
No thanks. Now it's bedtime for me.
I have to look perfect tomorrow.
You always look perfect.
True. But you boys
also need to catch up.
See you in Boston. Ilya.
Bye-bye.
Here? Really?
Danger used to get you going.
if memory serves.
We're not kids anymore. Sasha.
We're sure not.
OK. let's go somewhere.
Fine. I'm gonna find a party.
Bye. Ilya.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm